That's my brother who is 3 years younger than me.
at night
His mother was just a maid of his father's drunken spirituality
Only when he was born
His mother inexplicably covered up and didn't eat it
At that time, I only dared to eat what I dragged down with my own hands
Because even if we were poisoned
expensive
The concubine can also find someone who has nothing to do with him
murderer
Yelin, what's wrong with you?
What's your trouble?
Where did this come from?
From a sister
To outsiders
I grew up within walls.
Enjoy the glory and wealth
But that cold and heartless
Jackal-like palace
For the weak me
Only pain
That's not my home at all
After the death of this mother
I lost my home
Then you can make this your home
Is that okay? Of course.
If you want, hey, hey, hey.